THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION
CHILD ACTORS WERE FILMED SAFELY WITH SUPERVISION
As we speak, it's a foul ball.
The tension is high right now.
The pitcher looks really shaken up.
His breaking balls are in the middle of the zone.
After getting into a jam with two outs, bases loaded in the bottom of the 9th,
The pitcher's being pulled.
And here comes Park Gi-yoon.
SAEUM is putting their trust
Into their veteran to get the final out.
Park Gi-yoon steps onto the mound looking visibly flushed.
The score is 5-2.
SAEUM Sis only one out away from winning the Korean Series.
But the question is, will they be able to get out of this crisis?
The pitch bounces in the plate. Ball one.
He's feeling the pressure.
His body's way too tense right now.
I warned you, you absolutely can't be late today!
Did you get off the bus? Where are you?
Ji-yoon.
I'm going on a trip.
Sorry, I know you said you had something to tell me.
The ball goes over the left field wall!
That's a home run!
-A walk-off home run! -It went over the wall.
-This is the worst. -Unbelievable!
And that's how this ballgame ends!
This is the stuff movies are made of.
FINAL SAEUM (LOSS) 5 : 6 KP (WIN)
JI-YOON & GA-EUL
WILL YOU MARRY ME?
Even when you get ghosted
8 MONTHS LATER
You still go to work.
Even when you're unwell
Even when your family passes away
Even when you meet a complete dirtbag
What, you want me to charge that for you too?
You still go to work.
SAFETY ALERT HEAVY RAIN WARNING IN EFFECT
DONGNIMMUN
HEAVY RAIN WARNING IN EFFECT
HEAVY RAIN WARNING IN EFFECT STAY INSIDE, SAFETY FIRST
In this hellish work life,
Will hope ever show itself?
Where are we going?
To work.
What?
EPISODE 1 EVEN IF THE SKY FALLS, STILL CLOCKING IN!
What heavy rain? It's perfectly sunny.
Why did I come so early?
Breaking! Three-No-Man is coming!
Three-No-Man? Wasn't he over at the US office?
Wow, my commute just got spicy for the first time in ages.
Haha. Anyway, brace yourselves. I sense a bloodbath coming.
"Three-No-Man"? Who are you talking about?
-Geez, you're really out of the loop. -Hello.
Hello.
-Cha Ji-yoon. -You're here.
I knew you'd come. Got these for a BOGO deal.
Thanks. But don't you know Kang Si-woo?
Kang Si-woo?
Oh, that legendary workaholic?
Exactly. That Kang Si-woo is Three-No-Man.
I see.
"I see"?
No smile.
No people.
No sorry.
This is Kang Si-woo.
I requested those materials by today, but they're not in my inbox.
Did my request get lost,
Or are you simply a slow worker?
The man with a cold face that never smiles.
He rarely socializes with other people
And never apologizes first, whether to those above or below him.
We call him "Three-No-Man."
Doors closing.
Wait! Hang on!
Oh, come on.
This is Kang Si-woo.
The man behind the legendary 100% task force project success rate!
He was made manager after just five years
After two special promotions!
But behind Three-No-Man Kang Si-woo's success
Lies the blood of countless people.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Yes.
Have you been reading martial arts novels?
Why would there be a bloodbath at an electronics company?
When Mr. Kang's task forces are disbanded,
The team members vanish without a trace. Didn't you know?
What?
Oh, man.
I heard some even took leave to get therapy.
Hey, No-ah.
The group chat's been blowing up about Three-No-Man.
I know.
How big a deal is he that everyone's losing it before he's even here?
Is he hot?
Gosh, pay attention to office politics.
Keep your eyes and ears open.
There are 100,000 people at this company.
How are you supposed to work if you stuff your head with every little rumor?
Come on, what's wrong with you all?
Why do you keep talking nonsense?
What the heck are we supposed to do if you suspend the production?
Hey. Launch is just around the corner.
This is when we should be compromising and pulling together,
But you're
Huh?
Then what about me?
What am I supposed to do?
Hello?
Hel--
Oh, this
Is something wrong, sir?
The researchers and the factory workers are at a standoff right now.
The production line has stopped!
What? Why?
That's what I'd like to ask you.
Just how did you people handle this work
For things to blow up like this
In the test production stage?
Why are you standing there?
Get down to the Gwangju factory right now!
Ms. Cha, go to Gwangju.
Get this under control and get the line back up.
Me?
You want me to go?
If I leave now
Three hours to get there,
One hour for lunch, at least two hours to settle things,
And three hours to get back. Nope.
It'll be to late.
People will scatter once it's lunchtime, so the situation will be over by then.
Even if I head out now
Okay then,
Take the helicopter.
Isn't the helicopter only for executives?
Even regular employees can take it in an emergency.
Hello, this is Product Planning Team 1 Manager Ko Young-sam.
I'm requesting a helicopter to go to the Gwangju factory immediately.
Is this really happening?
Fine!
I get to ride a helicopter and leave work on time.
What a sweet deal.
Huh? Oh, wow.
Awesome.
SAEUM GWANGJU FACTORY 1
-We won't allow it! -We can't do it.
We have standards at SAEUM.
How can we put out ice like that and call it sphere ice?
We did nothing more than produce it
As designed by your team.
It came out fine in the first test.
What, did some sculptor carve the ice by hand back then?
It comes out fine at first,
But it ends up like that the more we produce.
What do you expect us to do?
Exactly.
Then let's swap out the parts and reset the line again!
For crying out loud. We tried everything already!
No one else is complaining,
So why the heck do you ice people keep going on like this?
Look who's here.
Oh, Ms. Cha from the Product Planning Team.
Hi, Ms. Cha.
Hi everyone, how are you all doing?
Hello.
-Hello. -You got here so fast.
Oh my, look at poor Mr. Kim's face.
Going back and forth between Seoul and Gwangju must've been a lot.
I'm dying here.
Here.
This is arginine.
They say it does wonders for fatigue.
Make sure you take it, okay?
Did you have a few drinks again last night?
I went pretty hard.
I tried all sorts of hangover remedies,
And this one was the best.
Just stick to this one, okay?
The clarity really isn't great.
But it's not like we can delay the launch.
Wow, what is this?
Is this some kind of magical orb?
This in a highball would be absolutely amazing.
See? She likes it.
Well, obviously it's better than regular ice cubes.
But see? It's not clear enough.
But we can't make it any clearer than this!
And that's why we should try changing the equipment!
And how many times do I have to tell you? We can't!
Okay, okay. In that case,
How about we go ahead with test production right now
And gradually improve it step by step?
There are lots of other things we have to test anyway,
Like the door opening and closing and the temperature changes.
We have to make the launch no matter what, you know?
Isn't that so?
That's exactly what I mean.
Why later and not now?
What was that?
I said, why would you improve it only after production?
Because if we delay our launch,
Our competitor could beat us to market.
And what if that competitor makes higher quality ice than ours?
We'd still have the first-mover advantage.
We can't afford to fixate on development and lose on both fronts.
Why not aim to win on both fronts from the start?
I believe anticipating risks
And thinking about the second-best option
Is also an important part of the job.
CHA JI-YOON, SR. ASSOCIATE
"Sr. Associate Cha Ji-yoon."
Yes?
Is this how you work?
What do you mean by that?
A fallback is the last card you play after doing everything possible.
Preparing a fallback in advance
Is not a good attitude.
I don't know who you are,
But you're incredibly idealistic.
I'm Kang Si-woo.
Three-No-Man.
Bloodbath.
Blood.
I heard you were coming back but didn't expect to see you here.
There's nowhere better than the field to understand the work.
I just stopped by before returning.
I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Kang.
It's almost lunch, why don't we eat together?
No, thank you. I'll just look around a bit and leave.
What do we do now?
Why ask the obvious? We suspend production.
Ice spikes!
Ice spikes?
You mean reverse icicles?
Yes! Icicles are clear, aren't they?
Maybe we could make it that way.
That's adorable, Ms. Cha.
Well,
Work life is so bleak,
At least it's nice that the Planning Team still has dreamers.
We'll wrap things up here,
You go focus on reporting back.
MANAGER KO YOUNG-SAM
Did word get there already?
Man, I don't want to go back.
I don't want to go.
I'm sorry.
Things got wrapped up faster than I expected.
The sooner we go, the better. Let's go.
Thank you.
Hold on. I heard we have another passenger.
-Another passenger? -Yes.
I'd like to introduce myself properly.
I'm Sr. Associate Cha Ji-yoon from Product Planning Team 1.
I'm sorry I didn't recognize you earlier, Mr. Kang.
You've changed a lot.
Pardon?
Weather radar check, clear.
Is everything okay, Captain?
Yes, everything's fine.
It It's just that we got an emergency alert this morning.
A heavy Heavy rain warning.
It's still a while before it starts pouring down.
You should check where your life vest is just in case.
Are there any parachutes or something?
Parachutes?
You might start hyperventilating,
So this Take this and
I'll let you have this.
Thank y
I had you flown out in a helicopter to mediate,
And you shut the whole thing down instead?
What now?
Huh?!
I'm sorry, sir.
I mean
Am I the only one working here?
Am I the only one getting paid?
People,
Come up with a way to contain this mess
And report back by tomorrow morning.
-Got it? -Yes, sir.
Geez.
Ugh!
Always acting like he's the only one who works.
Are you okay, Ms. Cha?
Of course, I'm okay.
This isn't anything new.
Let's hurry and go figure out a solution.
RESPONSE PLAN FOR THE SPHERE ICE REFRIGERATOR SUSPENSION
SPHERE ICE REFRIGERATOR RESPONSE PLAN FINAL FOR REAL
Time to clock out!
All right, I'm off.
Of course, Clock-out Fairy.
Did you finish the report?
It's pouring outside, so don't forget your umbrellas.
Where does Ms. Cha always go
When she leaves right on time like that every day?
Does she go to the gym?
-Come on. -Come on.
-Then is it for a date? -Come on!
That's the stuff.
Hey Buddy,
Play some music for an exhausted office worker.
Way back home, way back home
I'm the happiest when I clock out
Oh beautiful, so beautiful
TURN OFF NOTIFICATIONS
SAEUM 1919
Off.
Is this how you work?
A fallback is the last card you play after doing everything possible.
Preparing a fallback in advance
Is not a good attitude.
What do you want?
That was the best option for me.
Another day of wanting to quit.
RESIGNATION URGE STICKERS
[SAEUM CARD] PAYMENT DUE: JULY 15
AMOUNT DUE: 1,829,890 WON
I can't quit.
Ugh, never mind!
I'm not quitting.
It's here.
It's not like I don't know what the best option is.
You look for the second best because the best doesn't work.
Hey, but still, throwing up
Was a bit too much.
Whatever.
Why did he have to ride the helicopter with me?
That's why they say
You meet your nemesis at work.
Just stay out of his sight and avoid him.
Our company is so huge,
So what are the chances of me running into a big shot like him again?
Is that why you're having chicken and beer already?
Hey.
These are the only things that keep me going.
Hye-ji, now that you're a mom, how else am I supposed to blow off steam?
I mean, this looks doable.
Why did they say it's not?
Huh? What?
Just something.
Wait, you're not still pining over Ga-eul, are you?
Why are you bringing up that name?
You scared me. Why are you getting so worked up?
Great, now you woke Seo-jun. I'm hanging up.
STANDING EGG - OLD SONG
I hate love.
YEAR 2013
I take another look
Wondering if it's you
I keep turning back
Hoping it's you
Somewhere
Are you listening to the same song?
Could you be standing still too
Thinking of me?
Hi.
Hello.
You're a very good singer.
What instrument do you play?
Sorry?
Drum
That's so cool.
Here.
"COSMOS" BAND SIGN-UP FORM
Welcome.
The way it gives you
A strange kind of courage you've never had before.
Just like the song
We used to share a long time ago
That drifted toward me
On the street by chance
The way a brief smile
Makes you dream of a bond that lasts forever.
I'm enlisting next week.
What?
Buy me a meal when I'm out.
The way you don't get tired of waiting for an answer that never comes.
To Ga-eul's final military leave!
Cheers.
Will you come back to school as soon as you're out?
I'm going to Australia.
I'm going to make music in the great outdoors all I want.
That's so cool.
That'll be 10,300 won.
YEAR 2021
These too, please.
Hi.
Ga-eul!
How have you been?
What made me believe every one of those moments was fate
Was love.
I hate love.
It makes too many things
Seem possible.
Next.
JEON KEE-TAE PRODUCT PLANNING TEAM 2
PARK MI-YOUNG PRODUCT PLANNING TEAM 2
CHA JI-YOON PRODUCT PLANNING TEAM 1
CHA JI-YOON SR. ASSOCIATE
I'm Manager Kang Si-woo, the new team lead
For Product Planning Team 2.
Why does he have to be on the team next to mine?
What happened to our team lead?
He's currently on leave due to health issues.
That came out of nowhere.
He was fine, wasn't he?
I know, right?
Did he have a medical condition?
Let me introduce myself.
I'm Associate Jeon Kee-tae.
Jeon is my last name.
Okay.
Associates Park Mi-young, Kim Yeong-jin, Han Jae-rim, Kim Seung-ji,
And Jeon Kee-tae.
Sr. Associates Choi Jung-in, Park In-cheol.
I know all of your names and titles, so no need to tell me.
I'll be communicating with you via messages from now on.
Report your work to me by email.
Now, please start by putting together a list of your current tasks
And sending it to me.
Should we all go out for lunch as a welcome meal
For you, Mr. Kang?
I'll eat on my own after checking your emails.
All right, then.
Good luck.
That means he wants everyone to finish before lunch, right?
It means they shouldn't even
Think about having lunch unless they finish.
You think Mr. Ko is better compared to Three-No-Man?
You mean, choose who's the worst
And the second worst?
Mr. Ko's coming.
In and out, and in and out.
What is this, an office or a temple?
Let me look at your reports.
RESPONSE PLAN
You've been a Sr. Associate for that long, and you bring me this?
You want to be a Sr. Associate forever?
I'm sorry, sir.
That new team lead won't give you advice like this.
He'll be busy looking out for himself
No matter what happens to his people.
Thank you.
I wish I could tell myself from five years ago
To write your cover letter and run somewhere else.
I wish I could tell myself from when I was your age to learn
From someone who's smart and competent,
Instead of working under a boss who just dumps work on you
While sucking up to the higher-ups.
You can do that now, can't you?
It's too late for me.
I'm already used to a boss who only does the bare minimum.
Is this the so-called seven-year slump?
LADY NAM
Hey, Mom.
You haven't eaten yet, right?
I was just about to eat.
I'm by your office, so just come out.
I'll send you directions.
Mom.
Mom?
SLOW POKE
Ms. Cha Ji-yoon?
That's me.
And you are?
Hello.
I'm Lee Jeong-woo. I'm here to meet you.
Pardon?
Just a moment, please.
Come on, pick up.
Can I go in?
If your fridge or washing machine breaks, do you fix them yourself?
No, I call for service.
What about computers?
My friends who were engineering majors usually build their own.
There are good all-in-ones these days.
Still, it's pretty incredible that you work
At an electronics company.
My mom totally freaks out
When the circuit breaker trips.
My sister once called someone
Just because a light bulb went out
And got into a huge fight with her husband.
Running into someone from work is bad enough,
So why did it have to be Three-No-Man?
Oh, Ji-yoon,
You've got some sauce on your face.
No, the other side.
I should tell you before this gets any more awkward.
Tell me what?
I'm in a temporary no-dating phase.
Oh, right.
I haven't completely ended things
With my ex-boyfriend yet.
I'm so sorry
For wasting your time like this.
So
I'll pay
For your lunch.
This caller is unavailable.
Not answering, huh?
I swear, I'm going to disown her.
Hey, Ms. Choi!
Ji-yoon! Have you been well?
Yes.
I saw you won the Design of the Year award.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Would you like to come for some food, if you have time?
Are you perhaps
She's getting married.
Congratulations! Of course, I'll be at your wedding.
No pressure, though.
-Okay. -See you later.
Shall we head out?
-Bye! -Take care.
I'm so jealous of the Design Team
That they get to work with a cool boss like her.
Tell me about it.
She's talented, straightforward, and funny.
She's my greatest mentor and role model.
I need to book a wedding venue too.
I hear your boyfriend is very sweet.
I'm so jealous!
Sorry?
Boyfriend? What is she on about?
Ms. Cha.
-I heard you're getting married soon. -No, I'm not.
Come on, don't be so shy.
Congratulations.
Wait.
Ms. Cha, what's happening?
I don't know.
Maybe there's a fake rumor.
Well, well. I heard lunch blind dates are all the rage these days,
But I had no idea our dear colleague was this trendy.
Was it sparks at first sight, all fireworks?
Did you just come back from a blind date?
-No-ah, go on in first. -Wait!
-Quiet. -Why?
-Isn't it true? -Wait, a blind date
Don't go, No-ah.
What the hell? Who said I went on a blind date?
I saw it on the online forum.
Here. See? The forum's blowing up right now.
Looks like Planning Team 1's Sr. Associate "C" will get married soon.
Heard someone saw her on a blind date at a poke place during lunch.
The man stroked her face and everything.
-Wait. -Really?
So, the Clock-out Fairy doesn't even waste lunchtime.
Is she a Blind-Date Fairy now?
-Hahaha. -Wonder if it went well.
Hang on.
"Hang on"?
Hey, is it fake news?
Is it raining?
He spread a rumor in that short amount of time?
I didn't think he'd do such a thing.
Who did the "No People" Three-No-Man even tell?
But he's the only one who saw the guy touch my face.
Did you enjoy your lunch?
Yes.
By any chance,
Did you hear the rumor
That I was on a blind date at lunch?
Was that a blind date?
I went on the date against my will, but I won't ever see him again.
Why would someone spread
A rumor like that when they don't know the full story?
You expect me to know the answer?
It wasn't him.
There's a lot of fake news around the office.
Just letting you know.
JULY 26 PARK HYEONG-JIN AND CHOI SOO-JIN
Manager Choi Soo-jin from the Design Team is getting married.
Are you going to the wedding?
Don't you think you should go?
The Planning Team and Design Team work together a lot.
Why would I go there?
What's his problem?
Why would you send a man right where my office is?
Do you know what kind of humiliation I went through?
I wouldn't have done it if you were doing well yourself.
What am I not doing well?
Why ask the obvious? Getting married.
Who even gets married at my age these days?
If you weren't going to marry, why did you live with--
Live with?
What are you on about?
I didn't say anything!
You brat.
You give back every cent I sent you.
Fine.
I never saw it myself and you were never caught,
So that means nothing happened, right?
It did happen. What do you mean nothing happened?
Yes, I lived with Ga-eul
And even thought about getting married, but we broke up. So what?
Exactly, so now go meet a decent guy and get married already!
No!
Seriously.
Did you
Take money from your sister too?
I was just trying to be a peacekeeper.
You little!
I can forgive cohabitation, but I won't forgive two-timing, you punk!
I'm home.
The hamburger?
Here.
Stop eating junk like this.
Did you pull an all-nighter?
Yeah.
So why would you quit your job
To write some web novel?
If you want to, write a fantasy novel.
Office Proposal?
Who would read about coworkers dating?
Why are you nagging me again the second you walk in?
You need to get it together and start dating again and all that.
So why date a jerk like that just to break off your engagement?
GOO-WON
Babe, did you have dinner?
Where should we go this weekend?
I guess he's swamped.
I just sent you an email,
So pull up the response plan from the attachment.
This last minute?
I heard even the test production stopped because of this clarity issue.
So, Mr. Ko,
What will happen if this situation drags on?
That's why I've prepared a response plan.
Ms. Cha.
Yes.
I propose we launch in North America first
If the domestic launch gets stalled.
Wait. This is mine.
None of these are good enough.
I'll handle this report myself.
Send all your reports to me by email.
NORTH AMERICAN MARKET SURVEY ON SPHERE ICE
Yes, sir.
Our market research shows that demand for sphere ice is higher in North America
Than the domestic market,
So the consumers there care more about the shape and function than clarity.
So,
We should target overseas markets first,
Then use that success to build momentum for the domestic laun--
404 NOT FOUND
Well, uh
Domestic launch
What are you doing, Ms. Cha?
I apologize.
There's been an error. Let me reboot it.
Mr. Ko. Please continue.
Right. Of course.
Well, if we launch overseas I mean in North America,
We'll break into that market, and then
I think it'd be better for me to explain with some visual aid.
Then let me ask you a question in the meantime.
Sure.
What is sphere ice?
You just came from the US.
Haven't you been to a whiskey bar, Mr. Kang?
Sphere ice is an ice ball shaped like an orb.
No, not that.
I'm asking you about its qualities, not its shape.
It melts more slowly than regular ice cubes,
So it lets you enjoy the drink's original flavor for longer.
Couldn't you just use an ice mold already on the market for that?
A sphere-ice refrigerator is more costly than a regular one.
Why should one buy it then?
Well
In that case,
What do you think is the core value of sphere ice, Mr. Kang?
Its aesthetics.
People pay more to buy luxury bags
Not because of function, but because of their rarity and design.
The sphere ice our refrigerator makes has to be like that.
Not some rough imitation of an ice chunk,
But a clear and perfect luxury product made possible by innovative technology.
As I explained earlier,
That's not possible with current technology, so
Do you think so too, Ms. Cha?
Pardon?
Is there really no other way to make the ice clearer?
Ice spikes!
Icicles are clear, aren’t they?
Maybe we could make it that way.
There isn't.
So then,
What's your verdict, Mr. Kang?
The sphere ice refrigerator launch plan
Should be suspended entirely.
We've already come this far.
Stopping so suddenly seems just
If we stop now, we'll have to absorb enormous losses.
That's an irresponsible thing to say.
The losses will be less than the cost of launching a flawed product.
Stealing your own subordinate's report?
Way to hit a new low, you shameless boss!
You know what?
If the pay's the same,
Better a salary thief than a corporate slave.
I'll do just that.
Is this the model that was presented at CES?
CES: A GLOBAL ELECTRONICS TRADE SHOW FOR UNVEILING NEW PRODUCTS
Yes.
Why didn't you tell them?
Sorry?
About ice spikes.
Did you think it'd just get shot down like at the factory
Or you'd get your idea stolen like today?
Is that why you didn't say anything when I gave you the chance?
JEON KEE-TAE KEE-TAE
Hey.
I'm on my way.
It's not that I didn't,
I just couldn't say it yet.
Because I'm not completely sure about it right now.
I'm here.
Hey.
This is our team's cash gift for the wedding.
Pass it along for us.
Aren't you going?
I took charge and collected everyone's money,
But my mother-in-law's coming.
All right, then.
I'm going to be there anyway, might as well have a full pocket.
Thanks.
Can I just ask one more favor?
What is it?
I know you're the Clock-out Fairy, but we need one more person's.
Dear Fairy, could you stay for a bit and get Mr. Kang's cash gift too?
No way!
Mr. Kang makes me uncomfortable.
Me too, but my mother-in-law is even worse.
I'm going nuts. I can't. I'm leaving. You're the best!
Hey!
Geez.
JEON KEE-TAE SAEUM
Why would I go there?
He snapped at me just for asking if he was going to go.
So how could I ask him for a cash gift?
The bus arriving soon
Is number 266.
Where did you find this?
I found it in the product showroom.
Thank you.
Did you come all the way here just for this?
Well, you could say that.
You could've given it to me later.
Thank you.
Well, then
Have a good night.
Hello.
What? Why is he getting on this bus?
What? No!
There are plenty of other seats.
Why sit right next to me?
Is he following me or something?
Why?
I saw a lot of interesting stuff in your notebook.
Wait, you read my notebook?
I had to find its owner.
There were a lot of good ideas in there.
If it were up to me,
I'd have given you about ten of those stamps.
GREAT JOB!
And one more if that's not enough.
Thank you?
Wait, I didn't mean I want one more stamp.
He came all the way after me to give me my notebook back,
And now he's complimenting my ideas?
Could it be?
I'll make sure it gets delivered safely.
And what am I supposed to give you?
Wedding gift money for Ms. Choi Soo-jin.
Weren't you an engineering major, Ms. Cha?
That's right, engineering.
I think you would've been good at something more creative.
Would you prefer bank transfer?
Should I give you my bank details?
Ms. Cha, would you give a cash gift
For your ex-husband's wedding?
Sorry?
This stop is Wonam-dong.
The next stop is Korea Corporation.
Mr. Kang is
Ms. Choi's
Ex-husband?
-Ready for the picture? -Come here.
One, two, three.
-Let's do one more. -Okay.
-Congratulations. -Stay for the food later.
There's no way.
Why would Ms. Choi do that?
-You look so beautiful! -Thank you.
Why on earth?
JULY 26 PARK HYEONG-JIN AND CHOI-SOO JIN
Don't you think you should go?
Why would I go there?
Ms. Cha, would you give a cash gift
For your ex-husband's wedding?
This is Cha Ji-yoon.
I wanted to apologize, Mr. Kang.
I made a mistake because I didn't know better.
I'm sorry if I offended you.
MANAGER KANG SI-WOO
Some people say marriage is where romance goes to die.
But back then,
I believed
That marriage was where romance
Was made complete.
HAWAII
I've made up my mind.
My honeymoon will be in Hawaii!
But don't you need to be married to go on a honeymoon?
Of course.
Let's just go now.
What?
If we go now, plumeria will be in full bloom.
We can breathe in that scent
While you swim and I make music.
What do you think? Doesn't that sound super exciting?
Yes, it does.
That's why I'm saving it.
What?
-Let's just go. -No.
-Come on, now. -Stop it.
-Let's just go! Come on! -Stop it!
-Let's just go! -Stop that!
-Let's go! -Stop.
Huh? Let's go!
I'm going to see the winter sea. I'll come back with a killer song.
Love you.
I loved your free spirit.
But in the end, that became the reason why we broke up.
WHY AREN'T YOU HERE?
WHERE ARE YOU? WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK?
I'M WORRIED SO CALL ME PICK UP YOUR PHONE!
OKAY, LET'S END IT HERE IT'S OVER
If you're sorry, buy me a drink or something.
The most important variables in life
Often appear
When you least expect them.
Yes, Mr. Kang.
-You see me, right? -Sorry?
Where are you?
Right across the street.
Which side?
You can't just stop there like that.
Let's go.
Who would've imagined
I'd be meeting this guy alone on a weekend?
Was he always that tall?
I'm surprised you know a place like this.
-My friend owns the place. -Welcome to--
What? When did you get back from the US?
He gives me free stuff.
He has a friend?
If it's this empty, shouldn't you just shut down the place?
You little punk, first thing you do is nagging?
Oh, please take a seat here.
Oh, okay.
And he's normal.
Are you okay with single malt?
Yes, anything is fine.
What's with this gentle tone?
Let me run to the storeroom real quick.
He's like a completely different person outside the office.
I bet you were surprised to hear from me.
Yes, a little.
But why did you
Did the wedding go well?
So that's what he wanted to see me for.
Yes.
How was it?
It was normal
And happy.
What am I saying?
The food wasn't great, though.
What did you do today, Mr. Kang?
I worked out all day.
Of course,
The best thing to do on a day like today is to keep yourself busy
And drown yourself in alcohol
Right.
I guess I should drink quite a bit today.
I'm no longer the team lead for Product Planning Team 2.
Pardon?
I got fired.
That's exactly why you shouldn't have suggested
Suspending the whole thing.
PRESIDENT HAN U-JIN
It's the President.
You go on and drink.
This might take a while.
Yes. Don't worry about me. Please take your time.
Mr. Kang!
Just apologize and beg like you mean it.
Good luck.
This is Kang Si-woo.
He really needs to soften his edges.
Would you like a refill?
Please.
Actually,
Fill it up.
All right, fill it up.
Got it.
OKAY, LET'S END IT HERE IT'S OVER
When you think about it,
I actually
Got fired by Cho Ga-eul, right?
I can't even move on to another person like this.
OKAY, LET'S END IT HERE IT'S OVER DELIVERED
Yes.
I'll make sure the handover is completed by next week.
Okay.
PRESIDENT HAN U-JIN
What happened?
She went crazy as soon as you stepped out.
I picked the wrong day.
Come on, get up.
I'll take you home.
Excuse me, ma'am?
What should we do?
Ms. Cha Ji-yoon.
Yeah?
You're late.
I'm never ever late, you know.
I may not look it,
But I'm actually the Clock-in
And Clock-out fairy.
A fairy, you say?
How long have you been a fairy?
Up until my third year of working,
I pulled all-nighters like it was nothing.
I really had so much I wanted to do back then.
That's when you're full of passion but short on know-how.
Exactly.
Then around my fifth year,
I got so busy handling work dumped down from the higher-ups
And cleaning up after my subordinates
That not even ten of me would've been enough.
Which is also why that's when people switch jobs the most.
Then one day, I collapsed from burnout.
Oh, no.
But nothing happened.
I took a few sick days,
But the company kept running just fine.
I honestly thought it would
Fall apart if I quit. Seriously.
But there are always spare parts stacked up
To replace the broken ones.
Bingo.
And so,
I decided to become a fairy.
You know, it's like,
If someone you're hopelessly in love with
Keeps ignoring your feelings to the end,
Then you have to put up a wall at some point too.
So come hell or high water,
I always leave work when it's time.
I guess that's my last shred of pride I want to keep intact at work.
But still, you never ran away.
Ran away?
Yeah, that happened.
I was going to propose, you know.
But then
He ran away.
Who did?
My boyfriend.
Wait, no.
Ex-boyfriend.
Or, wait.
Are we not broken up yet?
No, no. We are broken up.
Yeah, we broke up.
So,
At what point did you start talking about him?
I mean, it's all the same,
Dating or working.
It's all butterflies and excitement at first,
But after a while, all you see are the flaws.
But just when you think, "I should quit,"
Your paycheck comes in,
And when you think, "I should break up," it's an anniversary.
Then one day, you have that moment of clarity.
"What am I doing right now?"
Yes, I know.
It's like you said. I'm a coward.
When something goes wrong, I look for a fallback
And prepare for a Plan B.
But how can I help it if that's the best I can do?
What, are you any different?
You got fired in the end too!
Careful.
At your age, a fall like that can break a bone.
In this hellish work life,
Will hope
Ever show itself?
Are you free tomorrow?
Sorry?
If you are,
We should meet again.
Would you be up for another drink
At my place right now?
SPECIAL THANKS TO HAN MYEONG-JAE, JUNG MIN-CHUL, O.WHEN
Ms. Cha,
I like you.
Are you insane?
I'm going to quit!
You have something with Mr. Kang, right?
-May I join you? -Take this seat.
No.
Then while you're getting caffeinated,
Shall we have a chat?
Is this why Mr. Kang asked to see you separately?
You have feelings for someone?
You should feel each other out.
That's why I'd like for us to go
Butterflies I feel butterflies.
Subtitle: Yenny Kang